At times, I felt scared inside,
Only looking for a place to hide.
The world made me feel different.
Now I hold my head up high.
He said he’d be my confidence,
That he’d come to my defense.
His love I can’t deny,
’Cause he gave me
Courage when I was feeling weak,
Courage when I could not speak,
Courage in my darkest night,
Courage to stand up tall,
Courage to face it all,
Courage to trust him with my life.
Jehovah’s always by my side.
He walks with me
To help me see
His ways are always right.
He’ll take my hand,
Help me understand
It’s worth the sacrifice.
You are not alone.
Even far away from home,
He’ll be your guide.
He will pick you up
Even when you think you’ve had enough
And make you strong and wise,
’Cause he’ll give you
Courage when you are feeling weak,
Courage when you cannot speak,
Courage in your darkest nights,
Courage to stand up tall,
Courage to face it all,
Courage to trust him with your life.
Jehovah’s always by our side—
Always, always.
Jehovah’s always by our side.
He walks with you and me
To help us see
His ways are always right.
Jehovah’s always by our side.
He’ll take our hand,
Help us understand
It’s worth the sacrifice.
He gave me
Courage when I was feeling weak,
Courage when I could not speak,
Courage in my darkest night,
Courage to stand up tall,
Courage to face it all,
Courage to trust him with my life.
Jehovah’s always by our side—
Always, always.
Jehovah’s always by our side.